1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
* 
'hello'
-87.8
- 
/ 
+	
6 
Answer: 
Values: 'hello',-87.8,6
Expression: *,-,/,+

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
Ans: Variables are used to store values and variables have data types like int , float, string. String is a data type which stores values in quotes like ‘Mumbai’, ’Delhi’ etcetra.

3. Describe three different data types.
Ans: 1. Int: The int data type stores values of whole numbers. Eg: 0,99,199,2000
          2. Float: The float data type stores decimal values. Eg: 1.1, 2.09, 8.329
          3. Boolean: It has two values True or False.

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
Ans: An expression is made of constants, variables , operators which work together to give another value.
5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
Ans: Assignment is used to assign a value to a variable it can be a string, integer value or float value etcetra, an expression consists of variables, constants, operators.
6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
Ans: In the absence of print function it will return nothing. In the presence of print function i.e print(bacon+1) it will return value 23.

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3
Ans: Both  will return ‘spamspamspam’

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Ans : 100 is invalid because it is an integer value and cannot be used as a variable to store any other value.
9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
Ans: int(),float(),str() are the three functions that can be used.
10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'
Ans: the expression causes an error as 99 is an integer value we can correct it by converting it to string like  ‘I have eaten’ +str(99)+ ‘burritos’.

